Oh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha okay.
Okay, everyone say a few words.
Today is the annual event of our Suzhou city business circle.
Summary of last year's past
Everyone has competition.
But we can still help each other.
Outstanding achievements
Hopefully in the best days of the new year we can continue our efforts.
Create brilliance
This year we become the central government
The top priority in planning is implementing a low-carbon and environmental protection development roadmap.
Hopefully the big brothers here can support more.
Here.
Thank you, if the city lord has already said it.
So scold my sister and our extended family
That would definitely help, right?
Yes.
Thank you for these nice faces.
But I heard that this Long Thanh group is a big company in To Thanh.
For profit, we destroy the environment
They discharge a lot of wastewater at the chemical factory in the south of the city.
This environment has an irreversible effect.
This old man met to go hunting.
Indeed, Moc Tu Lien has many ways.
Very good at being a big brother.
There is also the problem of wastewater discharge from Long Thanh Group's steel factory, which also does not meet industry standards all year round.
It has had an irreversible impact on the health of nearby residents.
I think it's time for us to crowdfund to fix this accident.
There is also Diep Than, advisor of Long Thanh Group.
Scams outside in the name of magic doctors and feng shui masters
Intentionally involving murder
Now I ask the city lord to be the victim and must severely punish this evil.
This night god is truly lawless and heavenly.
Also a big taxpayer.
I didn't expect there to be so many self-interests.
What do other people think?
The biggest devil of Long Thanh Group
It should be sealed directly.
Using the karma of the police academy's Du Long Thanh Group to wander around.
I support collecting victim evidence.
Conduct an audit to arrest this person, I want Ho Hoang at the official level.
Attack Long Than Group
Our Su City's livelihood must also be completely blocked.
I support making it difficult for him to travel to Sioux City.
Our regiment is ready to blockade Diep Than.
Tri Vien Group agreed to block Diep Than
Block block block haha
Officially announced the blockade of Long Than Group
Permanently block Diep Than